1. web application is an application that is built in a client-server way, where the client is the web browser of the user, and the server is the remote computer that stores the data of the application. 
The can be used through a web browser in the internet. Web applications are found in a specific path in the web browser and doesn't need to be installed on the device. 
2. web servers are applications that are handling delivery of contents to the clients. they are responsible for responding to client request.
they use http to communicate with clients. when a user go to a url in their browser, the browser sends an http request to the web server of the website. 
Web servers store web pages, images, scripts, and other files.
3. web servers can host websites and web applications, they handle with images, scripts and more. the make websites be accessible over the internet.
web servers can also handle sharing files and data, users can download and upload files with a web interface.
web serves can also deal with APIs, and allow other applications to communicate with them.
It is very good to hose web applications on web servers, because when you do that you can access it from anywhere with an internet connection.
having that also means that you can update and maintain easily with the server. you can also easily share resources such as files, dbs and more with users or systems.
4. Java Servlet is a side server that are build of Java classes and is responsible for handling HTTP requests and making responses.
5. apache Tomcat is an open source server, that handles with Java. it is made to execute Java Servlets and JavasServer Pages, because it is a container to java servlets.
Tomcat can run on Windows, Linux, MacOS and more. And it is very secure because it has SSL support. 
Tomcat can act alone as a server for static content and dealing with http requests.
6. an advantage is that Tomcat is an open source application, and so everyone can use it for their own projects.
another advantage is that it is stable, so it runs the application smoothly. And if a part of Tomcat software doesn't work, the rest of the application will still run successfully
which makes it live all the time. 
A disadvantage is that it is not as fast as Apache and it is very complex and without GUI for beginners.
It is also has not a lof of built in features, it provides the essential functionality for having web applications but not a lot more than that.