Json1. Json – JavaScript Object Notation, is a format for files of saving data, in a key-value way.2. The json object is the actual data inside the {}. It has pairs of key-value which are seperates with colons.3. For example in class, an object is an instance of the class. A dictionary is also an object.4. the ordered list of values concept can also be found with arrays, lists, tuples, vectors and more.5. String, number, bool, lists, tuple, objects, null6. String, numbers, bool, list, tuples, objects, null7. Numbers, bool, null8. There is no minimum size, everything or nothing inside “” is valid.9. Keys in json are the identifiers of the values, they are unique and explain the values. for example a “name” key,  will have the value of a name in it.10. Booleans are supported as values in JSON11. Yes12. Yes13. Yes14. JSON is a data interchange format. Which means that it is used to represent data in a text-based format that is easy to understand15. JavaScript Object Notation
16. .json17. The data is separated with commas so first there is the key the colons and value, after the value there is a comma and then another set of key-value18. []19. {}20. Yes21. The difference between json.parse() and json.loads() is that json.parse() is used to parse json string into a JavaScript object, however, json.loads() is used to parse json string to python dictionary.22. XML which stands for Extensible Markup Language is used to structure and encode documents in a format that we understand, and the machine understands. It is a not very good language because it is very complex and is not human friendly. Its syntax makes the data be very wordy with a lot of unnecessary information which makes it hard to understand and process.23. The major differences are first the syntax, the json syntax is way clearer and understandable than the xml syntax. It is a key-value format, and the values can be many different datatypes. In xml however each data texr is surrounded by tags, which makes the xml file be more wordy and less understandable.Another difference is that json doesn’t have attribute just like xml. Json has data represented in a key-value pairs while xml has tags for data.Json doesn’t support namespace, but xml does26. papuchasJason.codenames[0]